# My Diary App
## Description
This project is a web application built with React.js. It follows the standard structure of a Create React App project, which includes a set of pre-configured tools and settings to help you quickly start building React applications.
For more information visit here: [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Project Architecture
The project follows a typical React architecture, with components, pages, routes, stores, and API modules. Here's a brief description of each directory and file in the project's file structure:

`public`: This directory contains static assets that will be served as-is by the web server. It includes the project's favicon, logo images, manifest file, and robots.txt.

`src`: This directory contains the source code of the React application.

`api`: This directory is used to store modules related to making API requests and handling data from external sources.

`components`: This directory contains reusable React components that are used throughout the application.

`mockServer`: This directory is used to simulate an API server for development and testing purposes. It may contain mock data and request handlers. It uses LocalStorage to store the data.

`pages`: This directory contains React components that represent the main pages of the application. Each page may consist of multiple components.

`routes`: This directory contains modules responsible for defining the application's routing configuration.

`stores`: This directory contains modules related to state management. MobX is used as a aglobal state management system.

`App.tsx`: The root component of the application that serves as the entry point.

`index.css`: Global CSS styles for the application.

`index.tsx`: The entry point of the application, responsible for rendering the root component.

`store.tsx`: A file that contains configuration or setup related to state management.

`types.ts`: TypeScript type declarations or interfaces used throughout the application.

`.eslintrc.json`: Configuration file for ESLint, a popular JavaScript linter that helps identify and enforce coding standards and best practices.

`.gitignore`: A file that specifies intentionally untracked files to be ignored by Git version control.

`README.md`: The file you are currently reading, which provides information about the project.

`package-lock.json`: This file is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree or package.json file. It ensures that the same dependencies are installed across different environments.

`package.json`: The project's configuration file that contains metadata about the project and specifies its dependencies.

`tsconfig.json`: The TypeScript configuration file that defines how the TypeScript compiler should behave and which files to include or exclude.

## Getting Started
To get started with this project, follow these steps:

### Clone the repository.
Install the dependencies by running 

    $ npm install.
Start the development server with 

    $ npm start
Open the application in your web browser at http://localhost:3000.
### Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run the following scripts:

* `npm start`: Starts the development server.
* `npm test`: Launches the test runner.
* `npm run build`: Builds the production-ready optimized bundle.
* `npm run eject`: Removes the single build dependency and copies the configuration files and the transitive dependencies into the project directory.

### Dependencies
This project has dependencies on various packages, which are listed in the package.json file. To install the dependencies, run 

    $ npm install.

#### The main third party libraries that are used in this project are:
 - typescript
 - lodash
 - mobx
 - uuid
 - moment
